= should_pass_w3c_validation

Provides a shoulda macros for validating your rails views.

== Install

This macros requires that you have w3c_validators gem installed.
  
  script/plugin install git://github.com/maxim/should_pass_w3c_validation.git
  
== Usage

Let's say you're testing a controller with shoulda. All you need to do is add should_pass_w3c_validation macros into your usual tests.

  context "on /index" do
    setup do
      get :index
    end
 
    should_respond_with :success
    should_assign_to    :assets
    should_render_with_layout
    should_pass_w3c_validation # <= Hehe, there you are!
  end
  
In case of warnings or errors you will see the list of culprits under your failing test, just like a regular fail message.

== License

Copyright (c) 2008 Maxim Chernyak
 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:
 
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.